Cleanup quality criteria (#819)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/quality-criteria.md

These criteria should be taken as a direction, not a "task list".
For some features, some of these criteria won't apply.
For other features, we might accept that some of these criteria cannot be fully satisfied.

> It is the role of our Quality Assurance Manager (QAM) to decide how to apply these criteria to each feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the role of our Quality Assurance Engineer (QAE) to decide how to apply these criteria to each feature.
```
My role has a new name :smile:
